Added instructions for installing EPEL and RPM Fusion. (#288)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/documentation/epel-and-rpmfusion.md

---
title: "Installing EPEL and RPM Fusion"
---

# Installing EPEL and RPM Fusion

This guide describes how to install _Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux (EPEL)_ and _RPM Fusion_, two software repositories that contain software that is not included by AlmaLinux (like codecs).

:::warning

> These third-party software repositories are not supported by AlmaLinux's [ELevate Project](../elevate/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These third-party software repositories may not be supported by AlmaLinux's [ELevate Project](../elevate/).
```
